---
layout: page
title: Postdoc position LAAS-CNRS / CNES
title_content: Postdoc position LAAS-CNRS / CNES
date_content: 2011-06-21 06:05:10.000000
tags:
  - archive
---


We are seeking applicants for a one year postdoc position at LAAS in Toulouse
on a collaborative project with the Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales (CNES)
on scheduling maneuvers and scientific experiments of the Rosetta/Philae
spacecraft. Rosetta is a mission of the European Space Agency (ESA) and will
involve the first ever landing on a Comet (67P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko)
<http://sci.esa.int/science-e/www/area/index.cfm?fareaid=13>. The postdoc will
start at the earliest in September 2011, and at the latest in January 2012.



=========== PROJECT ============



The project is concerned with developing algorithms for scheduling the various
activities of the lander (Philae) in three phases. First, in the Separation,
Descent and Landing (SDL) phase, the lander will be separated from the orbiter
module and will land on the surface of the comet. Second, during the First
Science Sequence (FSS), the main scientific experiments will be run using the
onboard batteries as energy source. This phase should last three to four days,
depending on the load of the batteries and on the quality of the schedule.
Finally, during the Long Term Science phase, scientific activities will be
resumed at a much slower pace, using the lander's own solar panels to
partially reload the batteries.



The experiments of the FSS and LTS -- and to some extent the maneuvers of the
SDL -- need to be scheduled to satisfy a number of constraints involving the
concurrent use of energy (batteries), and of the main CPUs as well as each
instrument's memory. Another important constraint concerns the transfer of
data and the notion of "visibility", that is, the availability of the orbiter
to act as relay to transmit the data back to earth, which depends on its orbit
and on the length of a cometal day. A tool developed using Ilog Scheduler and
Solver (MOST) is currently used to model this problem and to generate feasible
plans. Every instrument, subsystem and experiment has been modeled with this
library, and it is therefore possible to verify solutions with a great degree
of confidence of its feasibility. However, the complexity of the problem, in
particular during the FSS phase, makes it difficult to find solutions in a
reasonable time.



The role of the recruited researcher will be to explore ways of obtaining
better solutions quicker, and to develop prototypes to assess the gain. This
might be done by improving the model, the propagation algorithms and the
search strategies currently employed, or by developing radically new models
whose solutions can then be fed back to MOST.





=========== WORKING ENVIRONMENT ============



The project is expected to be carried out in collaboration with Pierre Lopez,
Christian Artigues and Emmanuel Hebrard (MOGISA group:
<http://www.laas.fr/MOGISA-EN/>), and in constant contact with the SONC team
(<http://smsc.cnes.fr/ROSETTA/GP_contacts.htm>) of the CNES.





=========== APPLICATION ============



We are seeking applicants with an outstanding cv and a thesis related to
scheduling and/or combinatorial optimization. A good experience of IBM/Ilog
products would be a great plus, however it is not necessary.





Please send the following documents to Emmanuel Hebrard
([hebrard@laas.fr](mailto:hebrard@laass.fr)) straightaway:



\- A detailed curriculum vitae;



\- A motivation letter;



\- Abstract of the PhD thesis;



\- The three most relevant publications;



\- (optional) Reference letters from at most three referees.





