---
layout: page
title: Post-doc positions at Microsoft-INRIA Joint Lab
title_content: Post-doc positions at Microsoft-INRIA Jo...
date_content: 2011-08-09 18:50:00.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Post-doc positions at  
Microsoft-INRIA Joint Lab.,  
Saclay, France  
Sept. 2011 - Aug. 2013  
==========================  
Two 24-months post-doctoral positions concerned with the application of
Machine Learning methods to Search and Optimization are opened. The positions
will be held at the Microsoft-INRIA joint laboratory at Saclay, (20km south of
Paris), France.  
  
Topic:  
=====  
The context of the work is to learn efficient solving strategies on top of
existing Constraint-based or Meta-heuristics optimization algorithms.  
  
A key challenge today for Constraint solvers is to be able to reformulate an
existing CSP efficiently until the problem becomes obviously solvable or
unsolvable. One possible topic of the post-doc will be to turn the
reformulation of a given CSP into a reinforcement learning problem: define the
state and actions spaces, and investigate the feasibility of learning a good
reformulation strategy.  
  
Another possible research direction is to identify the context of competence
of specific heuristics within the search, and to use the gained knowledge to
define heuristics selection strategies.  
  
Profile:  
=====  
We are looking for PhD computer scientists with strong knowledge in at least
one the following fields: Machine Learning and Data Mining (Reinforcement
Learning, Monte-Carlo Tree Search, ...), Constraint Solving (exact and
stochastic Optimization, Meta-Heuristics, ...). Strong programming skills are
mandatory. A sound experience of existing CSP solvers will be appreciated.  
  
Duration and remuneration:  
====================  
\- 12+12 months contract, starting from September 2011.  
\- net salary: approx. 2100 Euros per month (health insurance included).  
  
Application:  
=========  
Please send your application (PDF format) as soon as possible.  
Screening of applications starts immediately and continues until the position
is filled.  
  
Send cover letter including names of at least two references, CV and links to
PhD dissertation (or draft) and up to three most relevant publications to the
following emails:  
youssefh[at]microsoft[dot]com  
marc[dot]schoenauer[at]inria[dot]fr  
michele[dot]sebag[at]lri[dot]fr

