---
layout: page
title: PhD position LIX/MSR
title_content: PhD position LIX/MSR
date_content: 2012-10-25 09:36:41.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---


Ph.D. position in Optimization/Simulation (with an application to smart
buildings)



### Call for applications



Leo Liberti, Claudia D’Ambrosio, Youssef Hamadi



LIX École Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France



Microsoft Research, Cambridge, UK



09/10/2012



A Ph.D. position is open at LIX, Ecole Polytechnique (until filled) on the
topic of optimization techniques in simulation, motivated by an application to
smart buildings.



 _Smart buildings_ integrate architecture, construction, technology and energy
systems; they make use of building automation, safety and telecommunication
devices, and they are managed automatically or semi-automatically on the basis
of local information provided by a sensor network. The functioning of such a
complex system necessarily depends on several tunable parameters, with respect
to which the whole system can optimize several objectives (cost, energy
efficiency, ambience comfort and so on). For any given parameter value, system
performance can only be evaluated by a computationally costly simulation
procedure. The object of this Ph.D. thesis is to devise new methodologies for
optimizing smart building systems under such computational constraints.



The successful Ph.D. candidate will be co-supervised by:



• Dr. Youssef Hamadi (Microsoft Research,
Cambridge,[research.microsoft.com/en-
us/people/youssefh/](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/people/youssefh/)).



• Dr. Claudia D’Ambrosio (LIX, Ecole
Polytechnique,[www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~dambrosio/](http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~dambrosio/))



• Prof. Leo Liberti (LIX, Ecole Polytechnique,
[www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~liberti/](http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~liberti/))



Most of the thesis work will take place at the Laboratoire d’Informatique
(LIX) of Ecole Polytechnique, within the System Modelling and Optimization
(SYSMO) research team, which counts around 10-15 people, including 6 permanent
researchers, and more precisely within the research group that grew around the
Microsoft-CNRS “Optimization and Sustainable Development (OSD)” Chair. A part
of the thesis work will take place at Microsoft Research headquarters in
Cambridge.



The salary will be 33,333EUR/year gross for a non-renewable maximum of three
years, which should roughly correspond to 1500-1600EUR/net plus social
security (the precise amount depends on the personal situation and cannot be
foreseen precisely). Some internships at Microsoft Research Cambridge might
provide additional remuneration for short time periods.



Interested candidates should send a PDF-formatted CV and two PDF-formatted,
signed reference letters to Dr. D’Ambrosio
([dambrosio@lix.polytechnique.fr](mailto:dambrosio@lix.polytechnique.fr)).



