---
layout: page
title: Azure for Research
title_content: Azure for Research
date_content: 2013-10-03 11:21:14.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
Bonsoir,





Dans le cadre du déploiement de la plateforme Cloud Azure, Microsoft France
développe l’initiative « Azure for Research ».





Ce programme comprend l’allocation d’heure de calculs et de capacité de
stockage aux projets de recherche sélectionnés. Il propose également des
sessions de formation autour des technologies Azure.





Ces deux volets sont détaillés ci-dessous. Je vous encourage à considérer ces
opportunités.



 ****





  1.  **Windows Azure For Research Awards**






Microsoft Research is soliciting proposals for the use of Windows Azure in
research. Winning proposals will be awarded large allocations of Windows Azure
storage and compute resources for a period of one year. Proposals will be
evaluated and awards announced six times a year. The first deadline for
proposals is **October 15, 2013** , and results will be announced within two
weeks after that date. The next deadline is **December 15, 2013** , and on the
**fifteenth of every other month after that**. To apply visit
[http://www.windowsazurepass.com/research](http://www.windowsazurepass.com/research)





For questions about the Call for Proposals please contact
[plxech@microsoft.com](mailto:plxech@microsoft.com)



  
More information: [ Full details of the Call for
Proposal,](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/azure/default.aspx)
[Application form ](http://www.windowsazurepass.com/research).



 ****





  1.  **Training Session – Azure Cloud for researchers**






Microsoft Research and the Microsoft Research-Inria Joint Centre are pleased
to announce a no-cost two-day hands-on technical training event for academic
researchers interested in cloud computing using Windows Azure.



  
[The training will be held **November 14 &
15**](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/events/azure4researchtraining-
paris2013/) in the Inria Saclay - Île-de-France research centre in Palaiseau
(Ecole Polytechnique campus). All attendees must register in advance to secure
their place - [ click here to register.](http://vp-
nri.com/take/?i=171706&h=skuq5uwZejlWBOq-bgF81w)  
  
Windows Azure is a general, open, and flexible global cloud platform
supporting any language, tool, or framework - including Linux, Java, Python,
and other non-Microsoft technologies. The program will cover a variety of
"hands-on labs" with programming examples predominantly in Python and Java. No
prior experience of Windows Azure is required. The only prerequisite is basic
programming experience in some language. This two-day course is presented by
specialised trainers and is geared towards post-doctoral researchers, research
faculty, and postgraduate students.  
Attendees will be able to access Windows Azure on their own laptop during the
training and for evaluation purposes for up to six months after the event. The
attendee's laptop does not need to have the Windows operating system installed
– Windows Azure is accessed via an Internet browser. After attending the
course, researchers will feel confident in applying cloud computing in their
current and future research.



For questions about the course please contact
[plxech@microsoft.com](mailto:plxech@microsoft.com)  
  
More information: [ Register for the course use this link](http://vp-
nri.com/take/?i=171706&h=skuq5uwZejlWBOq-bgF81w), [ Course
overview](http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/azure/training.aspx), [
Detailed Course Description (pdf)](http://research.microsoft.com/en-
us/projects/azure/msr-course-aug2013.pdf), [ webpage of the course, logistics
and status information](http://research.microsoft.com/en-
us/events/azure4researchtraining-paris2013/)





Bien cordialement,



Youssef Hamadi

