---
layout: page
title: CP'13 call for paper
title_content: CP'13 call for paper
date_content: 2013-01-16 19:26:47.000000
tags:
  - archive
---


 **CP 2013**





Nineteenth International Conference on



Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming





September 16-20, 2013



Uppsala, Sweden







<http://cp2013.a4cp.org/>









 **Deadline for Abstract Submissions: April 17, 2013**





 **Scope**





The CP conference is the annual international conference on constraint
programming. It is concerned with all aspects of computing with constraints,
including theory, algorithms, environments, languages, models, systems, and
applications such as decision making, resource allocation, and agreement
technologies.





CP 2013 includes a technical program, where presentations of research papers
as well as invited talks aim at describing the best results and techniques in
the state-of-the-art of constraint programming. One day of Workshops precedes
the conference. Tutorials and the Doctoral Program will form part of the main
conference. Papers are solicited from all disciplines concerned with
constraints.





 **Applications Track**





Reports on successful applications of constraint technology are particularly
encouraged and are subject to special Applications track acceptance criteria.





 **Conference Proceedings**





The conference proceedings (confirmation pending) will be published by
Springer Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series. Full paper
submissions are limited to 15 LNCS pages plus references, while Short paper
submissions are limited to 8 pages plus references. Short papers will be
reviewed to the same standards of quality as full papers, but will naturally
contain less quantity of new material. Short papers will have the same status
as long papers and be eligible for the best paper prize.





Further information will be provided on the conference webpage.





 **Post-conference Journal Publication**





Selected papers submitted to the main conference and application track which
receive excellent reviews from the referees will be invited to submit a
revised paper for fast track review in the Constraints journal.







 **Important Dates**





\- Submissions open: March 4, 2013



\- Deadline for abstract submission: April 17, 2013



\- Deadline for submissions: April 22, 2013



\- Provisional reviews to authors: May 27, 2013



\- Authors' feedback due: May 29, 2013



\- Notification of acceptance: June 10, 2013



\- Camera ready manuscript due: June 24, 2013





 **Organization:**





 _Conference Chairs:_  
Mats Carlsson, SICS  
Pierre Flener, Uppsala University  
Justin Pearson, Uppsala University  
  
 _Program Chair:_  
Christian Schulte, KTH Royal Institute of Technology  
  
 _Workshop and Tutorial Chair:_  
Laurent Michel, University of Connecticut  
  
 _Doctoral Program Chairs:_  
Christopher Mears, Monash University  
Nina Narodytska, University of New South Wales  
  
 _Publicity Chair:_  
Guido Tack, Monash University  
  
 _Senior Program Committee:_  




Yves Deville, UC Louvain, Belgium



Pierre Flener, Uppsala University, Sweden



George Katsirelos, INRA, Toulouse, France



Christophe Lecoutre, CRIL, France



Jimmy Lee, The Chinese University of Hong Kong



Amnon Meisels, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Israel



Pedro Meseguer, IIIA-CSIC, Spain



Laurent Michel, University of Connecticut, USA



Barry O'Sullivan, 4C, University College Cork, Ireland



Gilles Pesant, Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal, Canada



Michel Rueher, University of Nice - Sophia Antipolis, France



Stefan Szeider, Vienna University of Technology, Austria



Michael Trick, Carnegie Mellon University, USA



Willem-Jan Van Hoeve, Carnegie Mellon University, USA



Toby Walsh, NICTA and UNSW, Australia



Roland Yap, National University of Singapore





