---
layout: page
title: "Post-doc: Markov constraints applied to music/text generation"
title_content: "Post-doc: Markov constraints applied to ..."
date_content: 2013-04-08 13:35:38.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
**Type** : Post-doc





 **Employer** : UPMC - Université Pierre et Marie Curie - Paris 6





 **Workplace** : Sony CSL Paris - 6, rue Amyot, Paris 75005



Sony CSL Paris was founded in 1996 and is a small but booming research cell,
focusing on four areas: Music Access and Creation, Adaptive Language Systems,
Sustainable Development and Comic Computing.





 **Skill area** : Computer science, graph theory





 **Years of experience** : At least 2 years





 **Salary range** : 44,000 € annual gross, negotiable





 **Contract type** : 4-year contract





 **Posting date** : 12/02/2013





 **Context:** The goal of the FlowMachines project is both to define and
capture the stylistic essence of a given corpus (of musical works or texts)
and to develop technologies to realize a style given arbitrary user
constraints. These technologies are the key for developing a novel generation
of authoring tools in which users navigate in large combinatorial spaces with
high-level, meaningful controls. The project includes the development of such
prototype applications, and the study of their impact on real-world creation
tasks in music and literature. Although very ambitious and challenging, the
team has already produced proof-of-concepts and core technologies and
demonstrations (see publications and references).





 **Research topic** : The project focuses on the notion of “style” for
temporal sequences, such as melodies or literary texts. The goal is to develop
style-centered content generation applications that boost the creativity of
the users. The key idea is to combine statistical representations of style,
such as Markov processes, with constraints that represent structural
properties of the generated sequences. Our team has introduced a new
theoretical framework, Markov Constraints, which consists in reformulating
Markov processes as finite-domain constraint satisfaction problems. The
subject of this position is to extend Markov constraints to capture long-range
stylistic and structural aspects of sequences and to develop efficient
algorithms to solve the resulting generation problems. The application context
will be music and text generation.





 **References:**



P. Roy, F. Pachet: Enforcing Meter in Finite-Length Markov Sequences,
submitted to AAAI 2013



G. Barbieri, F. Pachet, P. Roy, M. Degli Esposti: Markov Constraints for
Generating Lyrics with Style, ECAI 2012



F. Pachet, P. Roy: Markov constraints: steerable generation of Markov
sequences, Constraints 16(2), 2011



F. Pachet, P. Roy, G. Barbieri: Finite-Length Markov Processes with
Constraints, IJCAI 2011





 **Background/skills** : Combinatorial optimization, in particular global
constraints. Good knowledge (or strong willingness to quickly acquire
competences) in graph theory, global constraints, and operations research.
Ability to work co-operatively and effectively in an international, multi-
cultural environment.





Please, send application to: [pachetcsl@gmail.com](mailto:pachetcsl@gmail.com)

