---
layout: page
title: CPAIOR 2014 2nd Call for Papers
title_content: CPAIOR 2014 2nd Call for Papers
date_content: 2013-10-11 14:24:56.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
2nd Call for Papers  
  
CPAIOR 2014  
  
Eleventh International Conference on Integration of Artificial  
Intelligence and Operations Research Techniques in Constraint  
Programming  
  
web: <http://4c.ucc.ie/cpaior2014/>  
cpaior series: <http://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/vanhoeve/cpaior/>  
  
Cork, Ireland  
  
MAY 19 - 23, 2014  
  
  
=============================================================================  
DEADLINES (note ***CHANGED*** DEADLINE)  
=============================================================================  
  
PAPER SUBMISSION (identical for long and short papers):  
Abstract due: NOV 20, 2013 11.59 P.M. PST  
Paper due: NOV 24, 2013 11.59 P.M. PST  
Rebuttal Phase: DEC 20-23, 2013  
Final Notification: JAN 10, 2014  
Final version due: FEB 10, 2014  
  
=============================================================================  
  
The Eleventh International Conference on Integration of Artificial  
Intelligence and Operations Research Techniques in Constraint  
Programming will be held in Cork, Ireland, May 19-23, 2014 with  
Workshops on May 19th, a Master Class on Data Mining, Machine Learning  
and Constraint Programming on May 20, and the Main Conference on May  
21-23, 2014.  
  
The aim of the conference is to bring together interested researchers  
from Constraint Programming (CP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and  
Operations Research (OR) to present new techniques or new applications  
in combinatorial optimization and to provide an opportunity for  
researchers in one area to learn about techniques in the others. A  
main objective of this conference series is also to give these  
researchers the opportunity to show how the integration of techniques  
from different fields can lead to interesting results on large and  
complex problems. Therefore papers that actively combine, integrate,  
or contrast approaches from more than one of the areas are especially  
solicited. High quality papers from a single area are also welcome,  
provided that they are of interest to other communities involved.  
Finally, application papers showcasing CP/AI/OR techniques on  
innovative and challenging applications or experience reports on such  
applications are strongly encouraged.  
  
The program committee invites submissions that include but are not  
limited to the following topics:  
  
* Inference and relaxation methods: constraint propagation, cutting  
planes, global constraints, graph algorithms, dynamic programming,  
Lagrangean and convex relaxations, heuristic functions based on  
constraint relaxation.  
  
* Search methods: branch and bound, intelligent backtracking,  
incomplete search, randomized search, column generation and other  
decomposition methods, local search, meta-heuristics.  
  
* Integration methods: static/dynamic problem decomposition, solver  
communication, transformations between models and solvers,  
collaboration between concurrent methods, models, and solvers.  
  
* Modeling methods: comparison of models, symmetry breaking,  
uncertainty, dominance relationships.  
  
* Innovative Applications of CP/AI/OR techniques.  
  
* Implementation of CP/AI/OR techniques and optimization systems.  
  
  
PAPER SUBMISSION  
  
  
Paper submissions are of two types: Long papers and short papers.  
  
INSTRUCTION FOR LONG PAPERS:  
Long papers should present original unpublished work and be at most 15  
pages plus references in length, and should be prepared in the format  
used for the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series  
(<http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html>). These papers will  
undergo rigorous review. The proceedings will be published in the  
Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.  
  
NOTE: Unlike previous CPAIOR conferences the page limit for long  
papers is 15 LNCS pages *plus references*.  
  
INSTRUCTION FOR SHORT PAPERS: Short papers are also encouraged,  
limited to 8 LNCS pages plus references and should be prepared with  
the same format as long papers  
(<http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html>). Although containing  
less material, short papers should describe original unpublished work  
and will be reviewed to the same criteria of quality as long papers.  
It is also encouraged to submit short papers about work in progress on  
ideas that are interesting but for which the practical or theoretical  
relevance is not yet fully identified. Short papers will be presented  
at the conference and published in the conference proceedings.  
  
SUBMISSION NOTES:  
All papers are to be submitted electronically in PDF format by  
following the instructions at the URL  
  
<http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cpaior2014>  
  
  
For any queries on the submission process, please contact the Program  
Chairs using the email [cpaior2014@gmail.com](mailto:cpaior2014@gmail.com) .  
  
  
PROGRAM CHAIR:  
Helmut Simonis

