---
layout: page
title: Bin Packing and Placement Constraints BPPC'14 associated to CPAIOR'14
title_content: Bin Packing and Placement Constraints BP...
date_content: 2014-03-09 18:33:47.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
Call for Papers  
  
BPPC'14  
  
Fifth International Workshop on Bin Packing and Placement Constraints  
  
May 19th 2014, Cork, Ireland,  
  
<http://contraintes.inria.fr/BPPC/BPPC14.html>  
  
associated to the 11th International Conference on the Integration of
Artificial  
Intelligence and Operations Research techniques in Constraint Programming  
CPAIOR 2014 <http://4c.ucc.ie/cpaior2014/index.html>  
  
____ Scope ____  
  
Bin Packing and Placement problems are an old but still challenging  
topic that has been tackled with different approaches.  
  
On the one hand, the aim of this workshop is to share recent progress  
made on pure problems by using any technique (or the mix) like Mixed  
Integer Linear Programming, Constraint Programming, Local Search or  
Evolutionary algorithms.  
  
On the other hand, the aim is to present challenging problems formulated  
and/or solved by these methods, or challenging extensions that have a  
practical interest and for which pure methods do not directly work.  
  
Submitted papers can be  
  
* Extended Abstracts of new results or  
* Abstract of ongoing works  
* System presentations (with demos at the workshop)  
* Summaries of already accepted or recently published results  
  
on any topic concerning bin packing and placement constraints.  
  
____ Important Dates ____  
  
  
Submission Deadline: April 4 2014  
Notification to Authors: April 25, 2014  
Camera-ready due: April 28, 2014  
Workshop: May 19th, 2014,  
  
____ Submission ____  
  
Submission site:  
<http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=bppc2014>  
  
  
Submission style is the standard llncs style. Page limit is 6 pages  
(authors can refer to long papers but only short papers will be reviewed).  
  
By submitting a paper to BPPC'14, the  
authors commit that, if the paper is accepted, at least one  
author will present the paper at the workshop.  
  
  
____ Program Committee ____  
  
Nicolas Beldiceanu (EMN, France)  
Hadrien Cambazard (IPG, France)  
Mats Carlsson (SICS, Sweden)  
François Clautiaux (Univ. Bordeaux, France)  
François Fages (Inria, France)  
Andrea Lodi (Univ. Bologna, Italy)  
Silvano Martello (Univ. Bologna, Italy)  
Michael Moffitt (BazzarVoice R&D, USA)  
Helmut Simonis (4C, Cork, Ireland)

