---
layout: page
title: PhD position in Constraint Satisfaction (LSIS-Marseille-France)
title_content: PhD position in Constraint Satisfaction ...
date_content: 2014-06-19 09:37:02.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
Title: Graph and hypergraph decomposition methods for solving constraint  
satisfaction problems using restart techniques.  
  
Laboratory: Aix-Marseille University, Laboratoire des Sciences de  
l'Information et des Systèmes (LSIS) – UMR CNRS 7296 – Marseilles – France  
  
Advisors: Philippe Jégou, Cyril Terrioux  
  
Short abstract:  
  
The topic of this research project is at the border of mathematics and  
computer science. Although located in the domain of the foundations of  
constraint programming, this subject is based on the fundamental problem  
of graph (and hypergraph) decomposition [1,2]. It is well known that  
constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs), also called constraint  
networks, can be represented by graphs or hypergraphs. While solving  
CSPs is an NP-hard task, when the structure of the constraint networks  
has some nice topological properties, they can be solved efficiently  
using decomposition [3]. In summary, the subject proposed here focuses  
on the improvement of techniques for solving constraint satisfaction  
problems using decomposition and by exploiting the concept of  
"restarts". When solving a combinatorial problem, in the case where an  
area of the search space is extremely difficult to solve, the most  
efficient solvers exploit the notion of restart which is to continue the  
search for a solution, starting from another area of the search space.  
This kind of techniques is one of the key points of the most efficient  
solvers [4,5,6] and has been exploited for the first time recently in  
[7] with graph decomposition. The integration of such a technique  
induces practical problems, but also more fundamental questions related  
to the concept of decomposition of graphs (or hypergraphs). Indeed, its  
implementation would require to define the notion of dynamic  
decomposition, for which it does not exist to date theoretical tools.  
So, the work will be focused on the development of theoretical tools for  
graph decompositions adapted to the management of this kind of  
dynamicity, and to their practical validation.  
  
[1] N. Robertson, P.D. Seymour, ‘Graph minors II: Algorithmic aspects of  
tree-width’, Algorithms 7, p. 309– 322, 1986.  
[2] G. Gottlob, N. Leone, F. Scarcello, ‘A comparison of structural CSP  
decomposition methods’, Artificial Intelligence,124-2, p.243-282, 2000.  
[3] P. Jégou, C. Terrioux, ‘Hybrid backtracking bounded by  
tree-decomposition of constraint networks’, Artificial Intelligence,  
146, p. 43–75, 2003.  
[4] N. Eén, N. Sörensson, ‘An Extensible SAT-solver’, SAT, p. 502–518.  
2003.  
[5] C. Lecoutre, ‘Constraint Networks Techniques and Algorithms’.  
ISTE/Wiley, 2009.  
[6] A. Atserias, J. K. Fichte, M. Thurley, ‘Clause-Learning Algorithms  
with Many Restarts and Bounded-Width Resolution’, Journal of Artificial  
Intelligence Research (JAIR) 40, p. 353–373. 2011.  
[7] P. Jégou, C. Terrioux, ‘Combining Restarts, Nogoods and  
Decompositions for Solving CSPs’, in Proceedings of ECAI’14, 2014, to  
appear.  
  
These works will be realised at the LSIS laboratory (UMR CNRS 7296) in  
Marseilles, France ([http://www.lsis.org](http://www.lsis.org/)). The
applicant will be member  
of the INCA team of LSIS. This research team has been ranked A+ (the  
best possible ranking) by the French National Agency for Evaluation of  
Research (AERES).  
  
Keyword: CSP, SAT, algorithmics, graph decomposition, complexity,  
tractable classes, solvers.  
  
Location: University of Aix-Marseille, Faculty of Sciences, LSIS, Marseilles  
  
Funding: the Ph.D. fellowship is funded for 3 years and is monthly  
funded about approximatively 1600 €.  
  
Candidate Profile: Applicants should have (or in the process of getting)  
a M.Sc. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a closely-related  
discipline (as Discrete Mathematics). Strong algorithmic and  
mathematical skills are required. C++ or C development skills are  
desirable. The knowledge of French is not required.  
  
Start date: the position starts preferably in September / October 2014.  
  
Application and contacts: Candidates must send their application before  
June 20th 2014 midnight:  
\- CV (at most 3 pages)  
\- Results and ranking for the M.Sc. (join a copy of marks)  
\- a cover letter,  
\- reference letters.  
Applications must be sent by email with pdf files to  
[philippe.jegou@univ-amu.fr](mailto:philippe.jegou@univ-amu.fr) and
[cyril.terrioux@univ-amu.fr](mailto:cyril.terrioux@univ-amu.fr)  

