---
layout: page
title: Postdoc position in Propositional Satisfiability at CRIL University of Artois, Lens (France)
title_content: Postdoc position in Propositional Satisf...
date_content: 2014-06-20 11:06:58.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
==================================================================



PostDoctoral position proposal in Propositional Satisfiability



==================================================================



Algorithms for Inference and Constraints group (CRIL, CNRS UMR 8188), at Lens
(France), is offering a postDoctoral position.



\---



ANR TUPLES wesite: <http://www.lsis.org/tuples/>



CRIL website: <http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/>





Contact:



Web: <http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/~sais/>



E-mail: [sais@cril.fr](mailto:sais@cril.fr)





Requirements for a candidate:



• A PhD in Computer Science or equivalent diploma;



• Expertise in Propositional Satisfiability (SAT), constraint programming
(CP); Good programming skills.





Offered:



• A full time, temporary appointment for a period of 6 months;



• Starting date: from September 2014 but possibly later (the postdoc has to
take place between September 2014 and April 2015);



• Monthly salary: 2000 euros net and negotiable based on the qualification
profile;





This postdoc deals with the practical application of tractability results to
enhance the efficiency of SAT solvers. Until now, tractable classes have
usually been studied from a purely theoretical point of view, their practical
use for solving general instances have not received much attention. For
example, the current SAT solvers do not perform any tractability analysis
before or during the resolution of a given instance.





Our goal in this work is to bridge the gap between theory and practice by
effectively exploiting the tractability/intractability results to design the
next generation of SAT solvers. The different results obtained in the ANR
project TUPLES “Tractability for Understanding and Pushing forward the Limits
of Efficient Solvers” will give us several possible research issues for the
design of both strong simplification techniques (pre-processing) and efficient
solvers.



The consortium has a great experience in the development of SAT solvers. The
CRIL team host and maintain several solvers, which have won awards in the
different SAT competitions.





Applications should include the following materials:



- a motivation letter



- a detailed CV (with publications)



- two references





Please apply as soon as possible. A first selection will be done during the
last week of July 2014. Later applications will be considered if no applicant
has been selected at this date.





The position is located at CRIL, University of Artois, Lens (France).





Contact: Lakhdar Sais ([sais@cril.fr](mailto:sais@cril.fr))

