---
layout: page
title: Thèse optimisation et design de protéines
title_content: Thèse optimisation et design de protéine...
date_content: 2014-04-16 14:24:28.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
**PhD position: Development of Computational Protein Design Tools**



We are looking for a highly motivated candidate for a three year PhD to work
at the intersection of Discrete Optimization and Computational Structural
Biology, on models and algorithms for Computation Protein Design (CPD). CPD's
aim is to rationally design and optimize proteins in order to define, enhance,
or modify the properties of enzymes to create new bio-catalysts. These may
have important uses in the synthesis of other valuable molecules (food, drugs,
cosmetics...) or as crucial actors in renewable bio-energy processes. As
proteins, these enzymes are also eco-friendly (degradable, usable at ambient
pression/temperature).



Various algorithms and models have already been defined to optimize protein
designs, with different targets but all are faced with the huge discrete space
defined by protein sequences and their 3D structures, defining NP-hard
problems. The work will take place in an ongoing project involving a team of
structural biologists specialized in molecular modeling from LISBP (INRA,
CNRS, Toulouse) and computer scientists specialized in discrete optimization
from INRA, Toulouse. Together, we have recently shown that recent discrete
exact optimization techniques introduced to solve Weighted Constraint
Satisfaction problems (or Cost Function Networks) could speed-up existing
exact approaches to CPD by several orders of magnitude [1,2]. The aim of the
PhD will be to bring these improvements to a new level by tackling more
complex protein design models, incorporating local or global backbone
flexibility as well as side-chain flexibility, possibly with new criteria
mixing stability and affinity, positive and negative design targets, with an
ultimate practical goal of producing an ensemble of sequences to test for
activity. A computing cluster with thousands of cores can be accessed at INRA
Toulouse.



Duties and eligibility: Motivated candidates with an academic degree at the
Masters level in either



\- Structural Bioinformatics/Molecular Modeling of proteins with a strong
taste for algorithms, programming and mathematics or



\- Computer Science/Discrete optimization with a strong taste for applications
in Biology



are invited to apply for this position. A strong interest in both Biology and
Computer Science is absolutely required. Because of the interdisciplinary
nature of the project, candidates will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis
and interested candidates with a background in bioinformatics with an emphasis
in algorithms will also be considered. The work will include algorithm design,
implementation and testing on actual protein designs, protein flexibility
modeling as well as preparation of protein designs by different methods and
writing of research papers. Excellent programming skills, ideally in efficient
compiled langages such as C/C++, will be extremely beneficial. A good
knowledge of spoken and written English is an highly valuable asset. A good
knowledge of spoken French is also appreciated. If needed, training can be
provided.



A PhD grant is provided for 3 years, at a current level of 1,757€/month (gross
salary). Applications should include a CV, a brief description of research
interests and past research experience, copies of exam-certificates and
grades, a copy of your Master’s thesis (or a summary) and a cover letter
motivating why you are interested in the position. The candidates are
encouraged to provide contact information of at most two reference persons.
The evaluation of candidates will begin on June 15, 2014 and will continue
until the position is filled.



  



Further information can be obtained from Sophie.Barbe ([Sophie.Barbe@insa-
toulouse.fr](mailto:Sophie.Barbe@insa-toulouse.fr)) and Thomas Schiex
([Thomas.Schiex@toulouse.inra.fr](mailto:Thomas.Schiex@toulouse.inra.fr)). An
overview of the recent obtained results can be found in the following
references:



[1] A New Framework for Computational Protein Design through Cost Function
Network Optimization



S. Traoré, D. Allouche, I. André, S. de Givry, G. Katsirelos, T. Schiex, S.
Barbe, Bioinformatics, 2013.  
[http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/btt374](http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/btt374)





[2] Computational Protein Design as an Optimization Problem. D. Allouche, J.
Davies, S. de Givry, G. Katsirelos, T. Schiex, S. Traoré, I. André, S. Barbe,
S. Prestwich, B. O'Sullivan. Artificial Intelligence Journal, March 2014.  
[http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370214000332](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370214000332)



and related publications on the biological and optimization sides can be
accessed below:



[A] Insights into lid movements of _Burkholderia cepacia_ lipase inferred from
molecular dynamics simulations. S. Barbe, V. Lafaquiere, D. Guieysse, P.
Monsan, M. Remaud-Simeon, I. André. Proteins. 77(3):509-523, 2009.  
[http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23842814](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23842814)





[B] Soft Arc Consistency Revisited. MC. Cooper, S. de Givry, M. Sanchez, T.
Schiex, M. Zytnicki, T. Werner. Artificial Intelligence, 2010.  
[http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370210000147](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370210000147)



  



 **Sophie Barbe**



Laboratoire d’Ingénierie des Systèmes Biologiques et des Procédés  
INSA de Toulouse (INRA 792 - CNRS 5504)  
135 avenue de Rangueil  
31077 Toulouse CEDEX 04  
[Sophie.Barbe@insa-toulouse.fr](mailto:Sophie.Barbe@insa-toulouse.fr)  
Phone: [(+33) 5.61.55.99.63](tel:%28%2B33%29%205.61.55.99.63)



 **Thomas Schiex**



Laboratoire de Mathématiques et Informatiques Appliquées de Toulouse  
INRA de Toulouse (INRA 875)  
Chemin de Borde Rouge - Auzeville, CS 52627  
31326 Castanet Tolosan Cedex, France  
[Thomas.Schiex@toulouse.inra.fr](mailto:Thomas.Schiex@toulouse.inra.fr)  
Phone: [(+33) 5.61.28.54.28](tel:%28%2B33%29%205.61.28.54.28)

