---
layout: page
title: "Appel aux résumés (25 juin) : workshop \"CP meets Verification\" à CP 2014"
title_content: "Appel aux résumés (25 juin) : workshop \"..."
date_content: 2014-06-19 09:37:54.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
CONSTRAINT PROGRAMMING MEETS VERIFICATION 2014  
(<http://cp2014.a4cp.org/workshops/cpcav14>)  
  
This one-day workshop will be held at CP 2014, the 20th International  
Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming  
([http://cp2014.a4cp.org](http://cp2014.a4cp.org/)), on Monday 8 September
2014 in Lyon, France.  
  
  
THEME  
  
This workshop gathers researchers and practitioners from constraint  
programming (CP), formal verification, and software engineering, in  
order to address the CP-based solving of challenging constraint  
problems in formal verification and software engineering. Solvers of  
CP technology are orthogonal but complementary to solvers of  
technologies like SAT, SAT modulo theories (SMT), integer programming  
(IP), and mixed integer programming (MIP).  
  
  
OBJECTIVES  
  
The objectives of this workshop are:  
  
\+ The delegates with a non-CP background present challenging  
constraint problems in formal verification and software engineering,  
as well as current solution approaches (whether ad hoc or based on  
SAT, SMT, IP, or MIP technology), towards investigation using a  
(hybrid with a) CP solver.  
  
\+ The delegates with a CP background present either CP solvers or how  
they have successfully used CP technology for challenging constraint  
problems in formal verification and software engineering.  
  
\+ All delegates, whether presenters or not, discuss synergy  
opportunities as well as challenges in formal verification, software  
engineering, and the underlying constraint solving tools.  
  
The first edition of this workshop was a one-week seminar in 2012:  
see CP meets Verification 2012  
(<http://www.it.uu.se/research/group/astra/CPmeetsCAV>).  
  
  
FORM  
  
This is a CALL FOR ABSTRACTS, not a call for papers. Abstracts of at  
most one page, in text or PDF form, are to be emailed by the deadline  
below. If anything is unclear about this call, then write to  
[cpcav14@gmail.com](mailto:cpcav14@gmail.com) . The talks most compliant with
the workshop theme  
and objectives above will be selected for presentation in a full-day  
workshop. There will be no papers and no proceedings, but the slides  
of the presentations will be archived on this website.  
  
All researchers and practitioners within the scope of the workshop are  
invited to attend, whether as presenters or not, so as to stimulate  
good discussions.  
  
Depending on the success of the workshop, a special issue at a journal  
will be arranged (details to be announced).  
  
The participation cost is the workshop fee of the CP 2014 conference  
(it is not determined yet, but will be very low).  
  
  
SPONSORSHIP  
  
This workshop is sponsored by the Certus Centre for Software  
Verification & Validation at the SIMULA Research Laboratory, Norway.  
  
If you also want to sponsor this workshop, then write to  
[cpcav14@gmail.com](mailto:cpcav14@gmail.com) .  
  
  
IMPORTANT DATES  
  
\+ Wednesday 25 June 2014: Early abstract submission deadline, by email  
to [cpcav14@gmail.com](mailto:cpcav14@gmail.com), with notification minimum 7
days before the  
early registration deadline of CP 2014 (on 9 July).  
  
\+ Monday 4 August 2014: Late abstract submission deadline, by email  
to [cpcav14@gmail.com](mailto:cpcav14@gmail.com), with notification on 11
August 2014  
  
\+ Monday 8 September 2014: Workshop (all day), in Lyon, France  
  
  
ORGANISERS  
  
Parosh Aziz Abdulla, Uppsala University, Sweden  
Mohamed Faouzi Atig, Uppsala University, Sweden  
Pierre Flener (main organiser), Uppsala University, Sweden  
Arnaud Gotlieb, SIMULA Research Laboratory, Norway  
Justin Pearson, Uppsala University, Sweden

