---
layout: page
title: "ParSearchOpt14: Parallel Methods for Search & Optimization"
title_content: "ParSearchOpt14: Parallel Methods for Sea..."
date_content: 2014-03-09 18:34:32.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
ParSearchOpt14 – Parallel Methods for Search & Optimization  
July 18, 2014 · Vienna, Austria  
  
Satellite workshop of ICLP, IJCAR, and SAT at the 2014 Vienna Summer of Logic.  
  
<http://vsl2014.at/meetings/ParSearchOpt-index.html>  
  
Important Dates  
  
Paper submission: April 4, 2014  
Notification: May 2, 2014  
  
Aims and Scope  
  
ParSearchOpt is the fourth workshop in this series. It is a continuation of  
the CP 2011 "Workshop on Parallel Methods for Constraint Solving", the 2012  
Shonan Meeting on "Parallel Methods for Constraint Solving and Combinatorial  
Optimization", and the CPAIOR 2013 workshop on "Parallel Methods for  
Combinatorial Search & Optimization".  
  
In the last decade, with the development of multi-core workstations, the  
availability of GPGPU-enhanced systems and the access to Grid platforms and  
supercomputers worldwide, Parallel Programming reached mainstream programming  
and appeared as a key issue in order to use in an efficient manner the  
computing power at hand. With the move towards Exascale computing during this  
decade, this trend will continue to gain importance.  
  
Search methods and combinatorial optimization techniques are not isolated from  
this phenomenon, as bigger computing power means the ability to attack more  
complex combinatorial problems. In the last years several experiments have  
been done to parallelize the execution of search methods such as SAT solving,  
Constraint Programming and combinatorial optimization methods such as Local  
Search, Meta-heuristics and Branch & Bound. However these works have mostly  
been done for shared memory multi-core systems (i.e. with a few cores) or for  
small PC clusters (a few machines). The next challenge is to devise efficient  
techniques and algorithms for massively parallel computers with tens or  
hundreds of thousands of cores in the form of heterogeneous hybrid systems  
based on both multi-core processors and GPUs.  
  
An important point is also for researchers working on the parallel search and  
optimization in different fields to share their experience on both theoretical  
and practical issues. This workshop is thus aimed to be a forum for  
researchers willing to exchange ideas, theoretical frameworks, design of  
algorithms and methods, implementation issues, experimental results and to  
further boost this growing area of research through cross-fertilization. We  
solicit papers on these topics, and welcome reports on work in progress, work  
already presented in a different context, as well as position papers.  
  
Paper Submissions  
  
Papers must be 15 pages plus references and use the Springer LNCS style.  
Papers must be submitted through EasyChair:  
  
<https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=parsearchopt14>  
  
Program Committee  
  
Salvador Abreu (Universidade de Évora and CENTRIA)  
Alejandro Arbelaez (MSR-INRIA)  
Philippe Codognet (JFLI - CNRS / UPMC / University of Tokyo) - chair  
Daniel Diaz (Universite de Paris-I)  
Youssef Hamadi (Microsoft Research)  
Ines Lynce (INESC-ID/IST, University of Lisbon)  
Jean-Charles Régin (University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis / I3S / CNRS)  
Ashish Sabharwal (IBM Research)  
Lakhdar Sais (CRIL, Université d'Artois)  
Horst Samulowitz (IBM Research)  
Vijay Saraswat (IBM)  
Christian Schulte (KTH Royal Institute of Technology)  
Meinolf Sellmann (IBM) - chair  
Peter Stuckey (University of Melbourne)  
Guido Tack (Monash University) - chair  
Charlotte Truchet (LINA, UMR 6241, Université de Nantes)

