---
layout: page
title: "Appel à soumission: CP 2016"
title_content: "Appel à soumission: CP 2016"
date_content: 2016-01-18 13:30:02.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
The International Conference on Principles and Practice of Constraint
Programming will take place in Toulouse, France, from September 5th - 9th
2016.  
  
This is the 22nd edition of the annual conference on all aspects of computing
with constraints, including: theory, algorithms, environments, languages,
models, systems, and applications such as decision making, resource
allocation, scheduling, configuration, and planning.  
  
The CP 2016 programme will include presentations of high quality scientific
research papers and applications of constraints technology. A number of
invited talks will also be presented that will describe important topics
relevant to the field. As well as the usual workshop, tutorial and doctoral
programmes, we will repeat the Journal-first and Sister Conference Track in
which important results that have recently appeared in journals or sister
conferences will be presented, the journal publication fast track for
outstanding submissions, and the industry outreach programme.  
  
To encourage authors and delegate to participate, the CP 2016 conference will
features new tracks in addition to the technical track and the application
track. Each track has a specific sub-committee to make sure that competent
reviewers will review the papers submitted by people of these domains. We
introduce also to this conference a challenge based on a realistic industrial
grade optimization problem.  
  
Full details at [http://cp2016.a4cp.org](http://cp2016.a4cp.org/)





\---  
Louis-Martin Rousseau Ph.D.  
Professeur titulaire - Mathématiques et Génie Industriel  
Professor - Mathematic and Industrial Engineering  
CIRRELT - École Polytechnique de Montréal

