---
layout: page
title: PhD scholarship on Constraints, Graphical Models and Algorithms -- LSIS, Marseille
title_content: PhD scholarship on Constraints, Graphica...
date_content: 2017-05-18 07:52:32.000000
hidden: true
tags:
  - archive
---
PhD scholarship on Constraints, Graphical Models and Algorithms





Title: New Decompositions to Solve Graphical Models





Laboratory: Laboratoire des Sciences de l'Information et des Systèmes (LSIS) –
UMR CNRS 7296





Advisors: Philippe Jégou, Cyril Terrioux





The topic of this research project is at the border of Mathematics and
Computer Science. Although located in



the domain of the foundations of constraint programming, this subject is based
on the fundamental problem



of graph (and hypergraph) decomposition (Robertson & Seymour 1986) (Gottlob et
al 2000) (Jégou &



Terrioux 2003). It is well known that constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs),
also called constraint



networks, or more generally, Graphical Models (Dechter 2013, Koller & Friedman
2009) are represented by



graphs or hypergraphs. While solving Graphical Models is a NP-hard task, when
the structure of the



networks representing the problem has some nice topological properties, it can
be solved efficiently using



decomposition (Jégou & Terrioux 2016). In summary, the subject proposed here
focuses on the



improvement of techniques for solving constraint satisfaction problems using
decomposition. The integration



of such a technique induces practical problems, but also more fundamental
questions related to the concept



of decomposition of graphs (or hypergraphs). Indeed, last years, several new
mathematical tools have been



developed by theorists. One may cite, by their associated graph parameters,
branch-width (Seymour &



Thomas 1994), clique-width (Courcelle & Olariu 2000), rank-width (Oum 2005),
boolean-width (Bui-Xuan



et al. 2011), matching-width (Jeong et al 2015), modular-width (Gajarsky et
al. 2013), treecut-width (Wollan



2015), or tree-depth (Nesetril & Ossona de Mendez, 2012), just to name a few.
Unfortunately, there is a real



gap between such works, and their application to practical and efficient
methods to solve Graphical Models.



One of the ambition of this line of research is to reduce this gap. The Ph.D.
student based at LSIS will work



on the theoretical and practical aspects of new decompositions. We have seen
the difficulties that may arise



passing from a graph decomposition, first introduced on a purely theoretical
level, to the development of



solving methods efficient in practice. The design, the theoretical study, the
implementation (even based on



toulbar2), experiments and improvements of this type of method is a work both
difficult and substantial



which requires considerable time on the one hand, and a mastering of the whole
context, from theoretical



foundations to experimental aspects.







Location: University of Aix-Marseille, Faculty of Sciences, LSIS, Marseille





These works are developed in the frame of the DEMOGRAPH programme, which is
funded by the French



National Research Agency and associates three laboratories namely the
Université de Montpellier - LIRMM -



UMR CNRS (Christophe Paul, Ignasi Sau, Dimitrios Thilikos, Christian Bessière,
and Mamadou Kanté), the



UR875 INRA Toulouse (Thomas Schiex, Simon de Givry, George Katsirelos and
David Allouche and the



LSIS (Marseille). DEMOGRAPH is the acronym (in French) for « Décomposition de
Modèles Graphiques ».



The applicant will be member of INCA team at LSIS (this research team has been
ranked A+ by the French



National Agency for Evaluation of Research (AERES) in 2012, its research has
been considered as excellent



by the last evaluation (January, 2017 ; no ranking was considered this year).



Funding: the Ph.D. fellowship is funded for 3 years and is monthly funded
about approximatively 1600 €.



Candidate Profile: Applicants should have (or in the process of getting) a
M.Sc. in Computer Science,



Computer Engineering or a closely-related discipline (as Discrete
Mathematics). Strong algorithmic and



mathematical skills are required. C++ or C development skills are desirable.
The knowledge of French is



not required.





Start date: the position starts preferably in September / October 2017.





Application and contacts: Candidates must send their application before June
20th 2017 midnight:



\- CV (at most 3 pages),



\- Results and ranking for the M.Sc. (join a copy of marks),



\- a cover letter,



\- reference letters.



Applications must be sent by email with pdf files to philippe.jegou@univ-
amu.fr and cyril.terrioux@univ-



amu.fr

