---
layout: page
title_content: Training Program Committee CP2012/Doctoral Program
title: Training Program Committee CP2012/Doctor...
date_content: 2012-06-22 11:18:19.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Call for Participation  
Training Programme Committee  
CP 2012 Doctoral Programme  
  
18th International Conference on  
Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming  
Doctoral Programme Web Site: <http://zivny.cz/dp12>  
  
We are inviting Ph.D students and young researchers involved in CP or  
in related fields to participate at the Training Programme Committee  
(TPC) of the Doctoral Program of CP2012. The TPC will be supervised by  
senior researchers of the CP community. The objective of the TPC is to  
train young researchers to the reviewing process and to work in PCs.  
  
Members of the TPC will take part to a training review process on the  
Doctoral Program papers. The process will follow the same rules as a  
usual conference, but the reviews will be independent from the DP  
reviews and will have no impact on the final acceptance decision.  
  
The TPC reviewing process will use the Easychair plateform. It will  
be done electronically between June 20 and August 31 2012.  
  
It is not necessary to apply for the Doctoral Program nor to attend  
the CP2012 conference in order to participate in the TPC. Ph.D. students  
applying for the DP are strongly encouraged to participate in the TPC.  
  
Applicants to the TPC should send an email to
[Yves.Deville@uclouvain.be](mailto:Yves.Deville@uclouvain.be)  
with a short CV, their research interests and the name of their Ph.D.  
superviser. If you have any question, feel free to send a message to  
the above email address.  
  
The application deadline is 15 June 2012.  
Notifications of participation will be sent before June 18.

