---
layout: page
title_content: Appel à papier CADE-24
title: Appel à papier CADE-24
date_content: 2012-11-24 12:58:05.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
CADE-24: CALL FOR PAPERS  
  
24th International Conference on Automated Deduction  
June 9-14, 2013, Lake Placid, New York, USA  
<http://www.cade-24.info/>  
Submission Deadline: 14 January 2013  
  
  
CADE is the major forum for the presentation of research in all  
aspects of automated deduction. The conference program features  
invited talks, paper presentations, system descriptions, workshops,  
tutorials, and system competitions, including the CADE ATP System  
Competition (CASC). CADE-24 invites high-quality submissions on  
the general topic of automated reasoning, including foundations,  
applications, implementations and practical experiences.  
  
* Logics of interest include: propositional, first-order,  
equational, classical, higher-order, non-classical, constructive,  
modal, temporal, many-valued, description, meta-logics,  
logical frameworks, type theory, set theory, as well as any  
combination thereof.  
  
* Paradigms of interest include: theorem proving, model building,  
constraint solving, computer algebra, model checking, proof  
checking, and their integrations.  
  
* Methods of interest include: resolution, superposition or  
paramodulation, completion, saturation, term rewriting,  
decision procedures and their combinations, model elimination,  
connection method, inverse method, tableaux, induction, proof  
planning, sequent calculi, natural deduction, as well as their  
supporting algorithms and data structures, including unification,  
matching, orderings, indexing, proof presentation and explanation,  
and search plans or strategies for inference control, including  
semantic guidance and AI-related methods.  
  
* Applications of interest include: analysis, verification and  
synthesis of software and hardware, formal methods, computer  
mathematics, computational logic, declarative programming,  
knowledge representation, deductive databases, natural language  
processing, computational linguistics, ontology reasoning,  
robotics, planning, and other areas of artificial intelligence.  
  
Detailed information on satellite events will be published in  
separate calls and on the conference website.  
  
  
PUBLICATION AND SUBMISSION  
  
The proceedings of the conference will be published in the  
Springer LNAI/LNCS series. Submissions can be made in the  
categories 'regular paper' (max 15 pages) and 'system  
description' (max 7 pages). Full system descriptions that  
provide in-depth presentation of original ideas in an  
implemented system can be submitted as regular papers.  
There is an expectation that proofs of theoretical results  
that do not fit in the page limit, executables of systems,  
and input data of experiments be available, via a reference  
to a website, or in an appendix of the paper. Reviewers will  
be encouraged to consider these additional materials, however  
it will be at their discretion to do it. All papers will  
be evaluated according to the highest standards in terms of  
originality, significance, technical quality, and readability.  
Submissions must be in English and standard conforming pdf  
format. Submissions must be unpublished and not submitted for  
publication elsewhere. Authors are strongly encouraged to  
produce their papers in LaTeX. Formatting instructions and the  
LNCS style files can be obtained via  
<http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html>.  
The page for electronic submission via EasyChair is  
<https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cade24>.  
  
  
IMPORTANT DATES  
  
Title and abstract must be submitted before the paper.  
  
Abstract submission: 7 January 2013  
Paper submission: 14 January 2013  
Notification: 11 March 2013  
Final version: 1 April 2013  
  
Workshops and Tutorials: 9-10 June 2013  
Competitions: 9-14 June 2013  
Conference: 11-14 June 2013  
  
  
ORGANIZERS  
  
Conference Co-Chairs:  
Christopher A. Lynch Clarkson University  
Neil V. Murray University at Albany - SUNY  
  
Program Committee Chair:  
Maria Paola Bonacina Universita` degli Studi di Verona  
  
Workshop and Competition Chair:  
Christoph Benzmueller Freie Universitaet Berlin  
  
Tutorial Chair:  
Peter Baumgartner NICTA and Australian National University  
  
Publicity and Web Chair:  
Grant Olney Passmore Cambridge University and Edinburgh University  
  
  
PROGRAM COMMITTEE  
  
Alessandro Armando Universita` degli Studi di Genova & FBK Trento, Italy  
Peter Baumgartner NICTA & Australian National University, Australia  
Christoph Benzmueller Freie Universitaet Berlin, Germany  
Maria Paola Bonacina Universita` degli Studi di Verona, Italy (Chair)  
Cristina Borralleras Universitat de Vic, Spain  
Thierry Boy De La Tour Universite' de Grenoble, France  
Evelyne Contejean CNRS & Universite' de Paris-Sud, France  
Leonardo De Moura Microsoft Research, USA  
Stephanie Delaune Ecole Nationale Superieure de Cachan, France  
Clare Dixon University of Liverpool, UK  
Pascal Fontaine Universite' de Lorraine & LORIA, France  
Ulrich Furbach Universitaet Koblenz-Landau, Germany  
Ruben Gamboa University of Wyoming, USA  
Juergen Giesl RWTH Aachen, Germany  
Paul B. Jackson University of Edinburgh, UK  
Predrag Janicic Univerzitet u Beogradu, Serbia  
Helene Kirchner INRIA Rocquencourt, France  
Konstantin Korovin University of Manchester, UK  
K. Rustan M. Leino Microsoft Research, USA  
Christopher A. Lynch Clarkson University, USA  
Cesar A. Munoz NASA Langley, USA  
Neil V. Murray University at Albany - SUNY , USA  
Lawrence C. Paulson University of Cambridge, UK  
Frank Pfenning Carnegie Mellon University, USA  
Brigitte Pientka McGill University, Canada  
David A. Plaisted University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA  
Christophe Ringeissen LORIA & INRIA Nancy-Grand Est, France  
Ulrike Sattler University of Manchester, UK  
Renate A. Schmidt University of Manchester, UK  
Manfred Schmidt-Schauss Johann Wolfgang Goethe Universitaet, Germany  
Stephan Schulz Technische Universitaet Muenchen, Germany  
Viorica Sofronie-Stokkermans Universitaet Koblenz-Landau, Germany  
Ashish Tiwari SRI International, USA  
Uwe Waldmann MPI fuer Informatik, Germany  
Christoph Weidenbach MPI fuer Informatik, Germany  
Jian Zhang Chinese Academy of Sciences, P.R. China  
  
\------------------------------\------------------------------\----------  
  
CADE-24: CALL FOR WORKSHOPS, TUTORIALS AND SYSTEM COMPETITIONS  
  
The 24th International Conference on Automated Deduction  
Lake Placid, USA, 9-14 June 2013  
  
[http://www.cade-24.info](http://www.cade-24.info/)  
  
Submission deadline: 9 November 2012  
  
CADE is the major international forum at which research on all aspects  
of automated deduction is presented.  
  
  
CALL FOR WORKSHOPS  
  
Workshop proposals for CADE-24 are solicited. Both well-established  
workshops and newer ones are encouraged. Similarly, proposals for  
workshops with a tight focus on a core automated reasoning  
specialization, as well as those with a broader, more applied focus,  
are very welcome.  
  
Please provide the following information in your application document:  
  
\+ Workshop title.  
\+ Names and affiliations of organizers.  
\+ Proposed workshop duration (from half a day to two days).  
\+ Brief description of the goals and the scope of the workshop. Why is  
the workshop relevant for CADE?  
\+ Is the workshop new or has it met previously? In the latter case  
information on previous meetings should be given.  
\+ What are the plans for publication?  
  
CALL FOR TUTORIALS  
  
Tutorial proposals for CADE-24 are solicited. Tutorials are expected to be  
half-day events, with a theoretical or applied focus, on a Topic Of Interest  
for CADE-24. Proposals should provide the following information:  
  
\+ Tutorial title.  
\+ Names and affiliations of organizers.  
\+ Brief description of the tutorial's goals and topics to be covered.  
\+ Whether or not a version of the tutorial has been given previously.  
  
CADE will take care of printing and distributing notes for tutorials that  
would like this service.  
  
CALL FOR SYSTEM COMPETITIONS  
  
The CADE ATP Systems Competition CASC, which evaluates automated  
theorem proving systems for classical logics, has become an integral  
part of the CADE conferences.  
  
Further system competition proposals are solicited. The goal is to  
foster the development of automated reasoning systems in all areas  
relevant for automated deduction in a broader sense.  
  
\+ Competition title.  
\+ Names and affiliations of organizers.  
\+ Duration and schedule of the competition.  
\+ Room/space requirements.  
\+ Description of the competition task and the evaluation procedure.  
\+ Is the competition new or has it been organized before?  
In the latter case information on previous competitions should be given.  
\+ What computing resources are required and how will they be provided?  
  
  
IMPORTANT DATES  
  
Deadline for proposal submissions: 9 November 2012  
Acceptance/rejection notification: 30 November 2012  
  
Workshops and Tutorials: 9-10 June 2013  
Competitions: 9-14 June 2013  
Conference: 11-14 June 2013  
  
  
SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS  
  
Proposals should be uploaded via  
<https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cade24workshopscompe>  
  
CADE-24 ORGANIZERS  
  
Conference Co-Chairs:  
Christopher A. Lynch Clarkson University  
Neil V. Murray SUNY Albany  
  
Program Committee Chair:  
Maria Paola Bonacina Universita` degli Studi di Verona  
  
Tutorial Chair:  
Peter Baumgartner NICTA and Australian National University  
  
Workshop and Competition Chair:  
Christoph Benzmueller Freie Universitaet Berlin  
  
Publicity and Web Chair:  
Grant Olney Passmore Cambridge University and University of Edinburgh

