---
layout: page
title_content: ECAI 2012 - Appel à participation
title: ECAI 2012 - Appel à participation
date_content: 2012-06-22 11:20:10.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
######################################################################  
## ECAI-2012 ## Call for participation ## ECAI-2012 ##  
######################################################################  
  
## REGISTRATION IS OPEN ##  
Early registration until July 10  
  
The Twentieth European Conference on Artificial Intelligence  
27-31 August 2012  
Montpellier, France  
  
<http://www2.lirmm.fr/ecai2012/>  
  
######################################################################  
  
ECAI is the biennial European Conference on Artificial Intelligence  
organized by the European Coordinating Committee for Artificial  
Intelligence (ECCAI); it is the premier forum for presenting  
Artificial Intelligence results in Europe. The twentieth conference in  
this series, ECAI 2012, will take place in Montpellier (France) August  
27-31.  
  
ECAI 2012 will gather researchers and practitioners of Artificial  
Intelligence from all over the world; they will present the latest  
results and identify new trends and challenges in all subfields of  
Artificial Intelligence as well as demonstrate innovative applications  
and uses of advanced Artificial Intelligence technology. In addition  
to the main technical track, ECAI 2012 will feature keynote and  
invited talks, invited tutorials, an elaborate workshop program, a  
system demonstration track, a Turing centenary celebration, in which  
we will celebrate the 100th anniversary of the birth of Alan Turing  
and his influence on Artificial Intelligence, and a special session on  
Highlights of European AI, to celebrate the 20th ECAI conference and  
25 years of AI Communications.  
  
ECAI 2012 will also feature the 6th STAIRS (STarting AI Researcher  
Symposium) and the 6th PAIS (Conference on Prestigious Applications of  
Intelligent Systems) as sub-conferences. The 6th RuleML (International  
Symposium on Rules) will be co-located.  
  
ECAI-2012 will be held in the beautiful city of Montpellier, France.  
With excellent opportunities for sightseeing and gastronomy,  
Montpellier promises to be a wonderful venue for a memorable  
conference.  
  
\--  
ECAI 2012  
<http://www2.lirmm.fr/ecai2012/>

