---
layout: page
title_content: ACM SAC 2013: Track on Constraint Solving and Programming
title: ACM SAC 2013: Track on Constraint Solvin...
date_content: 2012-09-24 13:45:16.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Track on Constraint Solving and Programming  
part of the  
28th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing  
(<http://www.dmi.unipg.it/~bista/organizing/constraint-sac2013/>)  
  
EXTENDED DEADLINE SEPTEMBER 28, 2012  
  



# OVERVIEW



Constraints have emerged as the basis of a representational and computational
paradigm that draws from many disciplines and can be brought to bear on many
problem domains.



# SCOPE



The track is concerned with all aspects of computing with constraints
including algorithms, applications, environments, languages, models, and
systems. Contributions are welcome from any discipline concerned with
constraints, including artificial intelligence, combinatorial algorithms,
computational logic, concurrent computation, databases, discrete mathematics,
operations research, programming languages, and symbolic computation. We also
solicit papers from any domain employing constraints, including computational
linguistics, configuration, decision support, design, diagnosis, graphics,
hardware verification, molecular biology, planning, qualitative reasoning,
real-time systems, resource allocation, robotics, scheduling, software
engineering, temporal reasoning, vision, visualization, and user interfaces.
Papers that bridge disciplines or combine theory and practice or discuss novel
reasoning methods are especially welcome. A special attention is focused
around the use of constraint technologies in the networking, wireless and
internet fields.



# SUBMISSIONS



We would like to invite authors to submit papers on research on constraint
solving and programming, with particular emphasis on assessing the current
state of the art and identifying future directions.



Submissions fall into the following categories:





  * Original and unpublished research work


  * Reports of innovative computing applications in the arts, sciences, engineering, and business areas


  * Reports of successful technology transfer to new problem domains


  * Reports of industrial experience and demos of new innovative systems




 **Submission instructions:**





  * Submissions should be properly anonymized to facilitate blind reviewing: The author(s) name(s) and address(es) must NOT appear in the body of the paper, and self-reference should be in the third person. Only the title should be shown at the first page without the author's information.


  * Submitted papers must fit within six (6) two column pages: please check the author kit latex style on the main SAC website: <http://www.acm.org/conferences/sac/sac2013/downloads13.htm> (the format is usually the format used in the ACM templates). Papers failing to comply with length limitations risk immediate rejection.


  * Submissions will be in electronic format, via the website: [https://www.softconf.com/d/sac2013/cgi-bin/scmd.cgi?scmd=submitPaperCustom&pageid=0/](https://www.softconf.com/d/sac2013/cgi-bin/scmd.cgi?scmd=submitPaperCustom&pageid=0) BE CAREFULL TO SELECT THE CSP TRACK BY CHECKING THE CSP-CONSTRAINT TRACK RADIO BUTTON!!


  * After completing the submission, please send also an email to: [bista@dmi.unipg.it](mailto:bista@dmi.unipg.it)  
The body of the email should include the title of the paper, the author(s)
name(s) and affiliation(s), and the address (including e-mail, telephone, and
fax) to which correspondence should be sent. The subject of the email should
be "SAC2013 constraint track submission"





 **Accepted papers instructions:**





  * Accepted, papers must fit within six (6) two column pages, with the option for up to 2 additional pages at cost (US$80 per page).


  * A second set of selected papers, which did not get accepted as full papers, will be accepted as posters, limited to 2 pages with the option for up to 1 additional page at cost (US$80).


  * Authors of accepted papers must be prepared to sign a copyright statement and must pay the registration fee and guarantee that their paper will be presented at the conference. No-show of scheduled papers will result in excluding the papers from the ACM/IEEE digital library.




IMPORTANT DATES



The schedule of important dates for the track is as follows, note that the
submission deadline is **strict** :





  * Paper Submission deadline **September 28, 2012 (EXTENDED DEADLINE)**


  * Author notification **November 10, 2012**


  * Camera-ready copy deadline **November 30, 2012**




