---
layout: page
title_content: Open Postdoc position, LINA, Nantes, France (8 months)
title: Open Postdoc position, LINA, Nantes, Fra...
date_content: 2012-10-08 11:26:33.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
TITLE: Probabilistic analysis of global constraints behavior  
  
We are looking for a candidate holding a PhD in computer science, with an  
expertise in Constraint Programming and programmation in Java. Ideally, the  
candidate should have an interest in mathematics, preferably in probability  
theory. The candidate will work in the TASC team in Nantes, and be involved in  
the ANR Boole project, and work in collaboration with the project partners,
and  
in particular D. Gardy (PRiSM UMR 8144, FR-78035 Versailles, France).  
  
Contacts: [Charlotte.Truchet@univ-nantes.fr](mailto:Charlotte.Truchet@univ-
nantes.fr), [Xavier.Lorca@mines-nantes.fr](mailto:Xavier.Lorca@mines-
nantes.fr)  
Keywords: Constraint Programming, probabilistic models, constraint
propagation,  
Choco solver.  
  
JOB DESCRIPTION  
In Constraint Programming (CP) [1], the propagation mechanism is one of the
key  
tools for solving hard combinatorial problems. It is based on specific  
algorithms, called propagators, that are called an important number of times  
during the resolution process. In practice, these algorithms may do nothing:  
their output is equal to their input. This yields the question of a good  
balance between the algorithms time complexity and their effective
performance,  
as identified by [2]. In previous works [3], we proposed to quantify this  
phenomenon in the particular case of the alldifferent constraint (bound  
consistency propagator). We rely on a probabilistic model for the entry of
this  
propagator to compute the probability that it actually modifies its input, and  
give an asymptotical estimation that can be computed in constant time.  
  
These works rely on some hypothesis on the distribution of the variables  
domains during the solving process. These hypothesis need to be tested in  
real-life situations, on a wide benchmark. From the results analysis, a  
freezing strategy will then be defined: depending on the expected gain of the  
propagator, it can be either called or frozen in the propagation loop. This  
will be done in a new version of Choco [4], a CP solver in Java developed by  
the TASC team, where the propagation loop can be finely tuned thanks to a  
dedicated language.  
  
POSTDOC MISSION  
The postdoc candidate will be in charge of designing a methodology to observe  
the validity of the probabilistic model, and quantify the expected gain when  
freezing the propagators. From this, he/she will develop a freezing strategy
in  
Choco and test it on real-life applications. He/she can possibly participate
in  
further research on this subject, extending the probabilistic model to other  
cardinality constraints.  
  
WORKING ENVIRONMENT  
This postdoc is funded by the BOOLE project, supported by the French research  
agency (ANR) and led by Versailles University (<http://boole.prism.uvsq.fr/>).  
The project includes academic researchers from 12 Universities or research  
centers, with a main focus on the study of boolean formulas with tools at the  
interface between mathematics and computer science.  
  
The candidate will work in the TASC team in Nantes  
(<http://www.emn.fr/z-info/ppc/>), which gathers around 20 researchers both
from  
Nantes University and the Ecole des Mines de Nantes. In practice, he/she will  
be at the Ecole des Mines de Nantes (4 rue Alfred Kastler, BP 20722, F-44307  
Nantes Cedex 03).  
  
The monthly net salary is 2000 euros and the contract is for 8 months.  
  
References.  
[1] F. Rossi, P. van Beek and T. Walsh Ed., Handbook of Constraint
Programming,  
Elsevier, 2006  
[2] I. Katriel, Expected-Case Analysis for Delayed Filtering, in Proc.  
CPAIOR2006, pp119-125, LNCS  
[3] J. du Boisberranger, D. Gardy, X. Lorca and C. Truchet. When is it  
worthwhile to propagate a constraint? A probabilistic analysis of
ALLDIFFERENT.  
Accepted to Analco 2013, Meeting on Analytic Algorithmics and Combinatorics,
to  
appear.  
[4] Choco Team. choco: an open source java constraint programming library.  
Research report 10-02-INFO, Ecole des Mines de Nantes, 2010.

