---
layout: page
title_content: CADE-24 Workshop CFPs
title: CADE-24 Workshop CFPs
date_content: 2013-01-29 19:57:20.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Call for Papers  
  
Workshops at CADE-24 -- Lake Placid, New York, 9-10 June, 2013  
  
Short CFPs for the following CADE-24 workshops are attached:  
  
ADDCT - Automated Deduction: Decidability, Complexity, Tractability  
ARiSVe - Automated Reasoning in Software Verification  
ESARAI - Empirically Successful Automated Reasoning with AI  
KInAR - Knowledge Intensive Automated Reasoning  
PxTP - Proof Exchange for Theorem Proving  
StarExec  
  
For the following two CADE-24 workshops respective information will be  
distributed soon: Methods for Modalities (M4M), Automated Reasoning in  
Crypto-Protocol Analysis  
  
===== ADDCT ==========================================================  
  
ADDCT - Automated Deduction: Decidability, Complexity, Tractability  
  
Decidability, and especially complexity and tractability of logical  
theories is extremely important for a large number of applications.  
Although general logical formalisms (such as predicate logic or number  
theory) are undecidable, decidable theories or decidable fragments  
thereof (sometimes even with low complexity) often occur in mathematics,  
in program verification, in the verification of reactive, real time  
or hybrid systems, as well as in databases and ontologies. It is  
therefore important to identify such decidable fragments and design  
efficient decision procedures for them. It is equally important to  
have uniform methods (such as resolution, rewriting, tableaux, sequent  
calculi, ...) which can be tuned to provide algorithms with optimal  
complexity.  
  
The goal of ADDCT is to bring together researchers interested in  
\- identifying (fragments of) logical theories which are decidable,  
identifying fragments thereof which have low complexity, and  
analyzing possibilities of obtaining optimal complexity results with  
uniform tools;  
\- analyzing decidability in combinations of theories and possibilities  
of combining decision procedures;  
\- efficient implementations for decidable fragments;  
\- application domains where decidability resp. tractability are  
crucial.  
  
Full Paper submission: March 26, 2013  
Notification: April 26, 2013  
Final versions: May 10, 2013  
Workshop: June 10, 2013  
  
More details: <http://userpages.uni-koblenz.de/~sofronie/addct-2013/>  
  
===== ARiSVe =========================================================  
  
ARiSVe - Automated Reasoning in Software Verification  
  
The focus of the workshop is application of automated reasoning in the  
context of software verification, and, more generally, automation in  
software verification. Relevant topics include but are not limited to:  
\- specifics of verification-related automated reasoning tasks;  
\- efficient translation of high-level verification conditions  
to logical languages of automated reasoning tools;  
\- handling of the prover's feedback: proofs, models, answer terms;  
\- logical theories of interest for program verification, decision  
procedures, integration into existing ATP and SMT systems;  
\- combination of automated and user-assisted verification;  
\- tool presentations, tool comparisons, and benchmarks;  
\- experience reports on verification of complex algorithms and  
real-life software with the use of automated reasoning tools.  
  
Invited speaker: K. Rustan M. Leino (Microsoft Research)  
  
Abstract submission deadline: March 8, 2013  
Submission deadline: March 15, 2013  
Notification: April 10, 2013  
Camera ready versions due: May 10, 2013  
Workshop: June 10, 2013  
  
More details: [http://arisve2013.lri.fr](http://arisve2013.lri.fr/)  
  
===== ESARAI =========================================================  
  
ESARAI - Empirically Successful Automated Reasoning with Artificial  
Intelligence  
  
The Empirically Successful Automated Reasoning with Artificial  
Intelligence (ESARAI) workshop will bring together two complementary  
groups of researchers: researchers in Automated Reasoning who employ  
Artificial Intelligence tools and techniques to support their  
automated reasoning research, and researchers in Artificial  
Intelligence who employ Automated Reasoning tools and techniques to  
support the artificial intelligence research. The workshop will offer  
mutually beneficial interactions, through the exposure of the two  
sides of the research to all. Additionally, the workshop will provide  
a focussed forum where the many interfaces between these two research  
fields can be presented and discussed. The workshop is soliciting  
research, position, applications and system description papers on  
combinations of AI and AR. Additionally, the workshop includes system  
and application demonstrations. Demonstrations of systems and  
applications described in paper presentations, and demonstrations of  
systems and applications without an accompanying paper, are both  
encouraged.  
  
Submission deadline - 22nd April  
Notification of acceptance - 13th May  
Final versions due - 20th May  
Workshop - 9th or 10th June  
  
More details: <http://www.cs.miami.edu/~geoff/Conferences/ESARAI/>  
  
===== KInAR ==========================================================  
  
KInAR - Knowledge Intensive Automated Reasoning  
  
Extensive digital sources of knowledge are becoming available, such as  
formal ontologies, databases, dictionaries and natural language  
reference works. Online sources like Wikipedia and IMDb, mathematical  
libraries like Mizar and various search engines and web services have  
gained widespread acceptance among the general population, but the  
sheer quantity of data can be an obstacle for human users. Automated  
reasoning (AR) systems have been advancing in their capabilities, and  
there is a growing interest in employing their deductive power to make  
digital knowledge more accessible. This poses challenges to AR  
research, but it is also a chance to bring AR into the public and to  
see large-scale usage of AR systems. In the KInAR workshop we aim to  
compile approaches to AR on large knowledge sources, and to aid the  
connections between researchers working on such projects.  
  
We invite submissions on any topics regarding KInAR, such as:  
\- theoretical foundations: calculi for knowledge intensive reasoning,  
\- knowledge corpora and their management,  
\- extracting (semi-)formal knowledge from large informal corpora,  
\- system descriptions of applications regarding the workshop topic,  
\- benchmarking such systems,  
\- robustness: reasoning despite flaws in digital knowledge,  
\- combining knowledge from different sources.  
  
Submission deadline: 8 April 2013  
Author notification: 2 May 2013  
Camera-ready version: 9 May 2013  
KInAR workshop: 10 June 2013  
  
More details: <http://userpages.uni-koblenz.de/~bpelzer/kinar2013>  
  
===== PxTP ===========================================================  
  
PxTP - Proof Exchange for Theorem Proving  
  
The past decades have seen impressive advances in computer-aided  
reasoning, both in automated and interactive theorem proving. As shown  
by various system competitions, such as CASC, SMT-COMP, and the SAT  
competition, deduction tools are able to tackle larger problems  
progressively faster and are increasingly more applicable to a wider  
range of problems. In recent years, integration of such automated  
tools in larger verification environments has demonstrated the  
potential to reduce the amount of manual verification work.  
  
It is becoming clear that the success of deduction tools will not only  
depend on their power to solve large and difficult problems in an  
isolated manner, but it will also rely on their ability to cooperate,  
by exchanging problems, proofs, and models. The PxTP workshop aims at  
encouraging such cooperation by inviting contributions on various  
aspects of communication, integration, and cooperation between systems  
and formalisms. The workshop's mission is to facilitate building of  
complex reasoning applications and reuse of reasoning tools by  
developing and discussing suitable integration, translation and  
communication methods, standards, protocols, and application  
programming interfaces (APIs). The workshop would like to bring  
together the interested developers of automatic and interactive  
theorem proving tools, developers of combined systems, developers and  
users of translation tools and APIs, and producers of standards and  
protocols.  
  
Submission of papers: 11 April 2013  
Notification: 2 May 2013  
Camera-ready versions due: 9 May 2013  
Workshop: 10 June 2013  
  
More details: <http://www.cs.ru.nl/pxtp13/cfp.txt>  
  
===== StarExec =======================================================  
  
StarExec  
  
The StarExec project is an NSF funded project to design, implement,  
and operate StarExec, a web service designed for the comparative  
evaluation of logic solvers (automated theorem provers) on benchmark  
problems. The $1.85 million budget of the grant is mostly dedicated to  
purchasing and operating a medium-sized cluster of an anticipated 150  
compute nodes, which will be used to run jobs submitted by users of  
the system. We anticipate users will be members of various  
logic-solving subcommunities of the broader automated theorem proving  
community  
  
The StarExec 2013 workshop will bring together logic-solving community  
leaders, logic solver competition organizers, StarExec power users,  
and the StarExec organizers, to discuss the current status of the  
StarExec project. The workshop will have four sessions:  
\- A status report from the StarExec organizers, and a demonstration of  
StarExec as it has been developed by the time of the workshop.  
\- Use of StarExec by the attendees, so they can get a feeling of how  
well the implementation will meet their solver evaluation needs.  
\- A feedback session based on the use of StarExec.  
\- A presentation by the StarExec organizers on the short and medium  
terms plans for development and use of StarExec.  
  
StarExec 2013 will not invite papers or general attendance. Rather,  
the workshop will be aimed specifically at the types of researchers  
described above, to maximize the positive impact on the development  
and use of StarExec. The NSF grant will provide travel, accomodation,  
and registration support for 20 participants, 10 from the USA and 10  
from overseas.  
  
More details: <http://clc.cs.uiowa.edu/starexec13/>

