---
layout: page
title_content: LPAR-19 Call For Paper
title: LPAR-19 Call For Paper
date_content: 2013-08-02 12:37:49.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
===========================  
LPAR-19  
CALL FOR PAPERS  
===========================  
  
============================================================  
The 19th International Conference on  
Logic for Programming, Artificial Intelligence and Reasoning  
============================================================  
  
Stellenbosch, South Africa, 14-19 December 2013  
[www.LPAR-19.info](http://www.lpar-19.info/)  
  
The series of International Conferences on Logic for Programming, Artificial  
Intelligence and Reasoning (LPAR) is a forum where, year after year, some of  
the most renowned researchers in the areas of logic, automated reasoning,  
computational logic, programming languages and their applications come to  
present cutting-edge results, to discuss advances in these fields, and to  
exchange ideas in a scientifically emerging part of the world. The 19th LPAR  
will be held in Stellenbosch, South Africa.  
  
Logic is a fundamental organizing principle in nearly all areas in Computer  
Science. It runs a multifaceted gamut from the foundational to the applied.  
At one extreme, it underlies computability and complexity theory and the
formal  
semantics of programming languages. At the other extreme, it drives billions
of  
gates every day in the digital circuits of processors of all kinds. Logic is
in  
itself a powerful programming paradigm, but it is also the quintessential  
specification language for anything ranging from real-time critical systems to  
networked infrastructures. Logical techniques link implementation and  
specification through formal methods such as automated theorem proving and
model  
checking. Logic is also the stuff of knowledge representation and artificial  
intelligence. Because of its ubiquity, logic has acquired a central role in  
Computer Science education.  
  
Topics  
\------  
New results in the fields of computational logic and applications are welcome.  
Also welcome are more exploratory presentations, which may examine open  
questions and raise fundamental concerns about existing theories and
practices.  
  
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
* Abduction and interpolation methods  
* Automated reasoning  
* Constraint programming  
* Decision procedures  
* Description logics  
* Foundations of security  
* Hardware verification  
* Implementations of logic  
* Interactive theorem proving  
* Knowledge representation and reasoning  
* Logic and computational complexity  
* Logic and databases  
* Logic and games  
* Logic and machine learning  
* Logic and the web  
* Logic and types  
* Logic in artificial intelligence  
* Logic of distributed systems  
* Logic programming  
* Logical aspects of concurrency  
* Logical foundations of programming  
* Modal and temporal logics  
* Model checking  
* Non-monotonic reasoning  
* Ontologies and large knowledge bases  
* Probabilistic and fuzzy reasoning  
* Program analysis  
* Rewriting  
* Satisfiability checking  
* Satisfiability modulo theories  
* Software verification  
* Specification using logic  
* Unification theory  
  
Programme Chairs  
\----------------  
* Ken McMillan  
* Aart Middeldorp  
* Andrei Voronkov  
  
Conference Chairs  
\----------------  
* Bernd Fischer  
* Geoff Sutcliffe  
  
Workshop Chair  
\--------------  
* Laura Kovacs  
  
Submission Details  
\------------------  
Submissions of two kinds are welcome:  
  
* Regular papers that describe solid new research results. They can be  
up to 15 pages long in LNCS style, including figures and references,  
but excluding appendices (that reviewers are not required to read).  
* Experimental and tool papers that describe implementations of systems,  
report experiments with implemented systems, or compare implemented  
systems. They can be up to 8 pages long in the LNCS style.  
  
Both types of papers can be electronically submitted in PDF via EasyChar:  
<http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lpar19>.  
Prospective authors are required to register a title and an abstract a week  
before the paper submission deadline (see below).  
  
Participation  
\-------------  
Authors of accepted papers are required to ensure that at least one of them  
will be present at the conference.  
  
Important Dates  
\---------------  
* Abstract submission: 22nd July  
* Paper submission: 2nd August  
* Notification of acceptance: 27th September  
* Camera-ready papers: 9th October  
* Conference: 14th-19th December  
  
  
===========================  
LPAR-19  
WORKSHOPS  
===========================  
  
LPAR-19 will be preceded by four workshops in specialised areas of logic:  
  
* The 10th International Workshop on the Implementation of Logics - IWIL  
<http://www.eprover.org/EVENTS/IWIL-2013.html>  
  
* The 7th International Workshop on Analytic Proof Systems - APS  
<http://www.logic.at/staff/chrisf/ws/LPAR-APS-7.html>  
  
* The 1st International Workshop on Algebraic Logic in Computer Science -  
ALCS  
<http://www2.cs.cas.cz/~cintula/lpar-workshop-ALCS.html>  
  
* The 1st International Workshop on Logics and Reasoning for Conceptual  
Models - LRCM  
  
See their individual web pages (linked from the LPAR-19.info page too) for  
further details.

