---
layout: page
title_content: Propositions de theses IBM
title: Propositions de theses IBM
date_content: 2013-10-11 14:22:19.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Bonjour a tous,  
voici quelques propositions de theses a IBM France plus ou moins en lien avec
les contraintes.  
Cordialement,  
Olivier



IBM France Lab – leader in the development of Decision Automation and
Optimization products – is opening four Cifre PhD positions,



• Assembling and configuring existing optimization models to ease the creation
of new solutions out of previous ones. At the crossing of Mathematical
Modelling, Ontology reasoning and Software Product Lines configuration, this
ongoing development needs further (applied) research to reach its full
potential.



• Integrating Bayesian reasoning and classical rules-based reasoning. This
approach extends the power of existing decision automation techniques and
tools to new applications where yes/no decision cannot be achieved. Some
experiments have already been developed; we want to jump to the next stage.



• Explaining automated decisions. This problem is still quite open though it
is becoming a key request from user of automated decision systems. Accurate
explanation might be of various forms, depending on their objective – audit
trails or cognitive support of users – and on the level of knowledge of their
users.



• Creating Adaptive Decision Models: decision models are used and managed by
regular business users, without the need of I.T. specialists. We are shooting
at the next step: let the models evolve smoothly accordingly to their
objectives. Analytics tools can be put in place that use past decisions to
produce recommendations or adaptations of the existing models to better fit
the objectives.



IBM France Lab is the IBM R&D Lab based in France – located in Paris, Sophia-
Antipolis, Toulouse and Pornichet. It hosts a global team of about 700
developers and high profile technical people. Our core activity is the
development of leading software products that are delivered and used by
customers all over the globe. The open PhD positions are related to two very
successful products lines :



• Decision Management: generalisation of the ‘Business Rules’ approach, now
widely used to automate operational decisions represented by set of dozens,
hundreds or thousands rules and decision tables. France Lab is proud to be the
world-wide leader in Decision Management.



• Decision Optimization : these algorithms and modelling languages enable
taking the best decision when using limited resources. Thanks to its ILOG
CPLEX and ODME product offerings IBM is the leader in the field.



France lab is looking for brilliant and dedicated individuals passionate for
Decision Automation and Optimization techniques and languages. The PhD
Candidate will be co-supervised by a university professor and an expert from
the Lab, he or she will be fluent in English, have good skills in mathematics
as well as in programming. Ideally candidates have a solid background in
Artificial Intelligence and/or Operations Research.



Candidates email your resume to lelievre.magali@fr.ibm.com or
albertpa@fr.ibm.com

