---
layout: page
title_content: Appel à communications pour le Doctoral Program
title: Appel à communications pour le Doctoral ...
date_content: 2015-05-25 19:32:24.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Dans le cadre de la 21ème conférence internationale CP 2015, nous invitons les
étudiants au doctorat et au master à participer au Doctoral Program (DP).
Cette année le DP est légèrement différent des années précédentes. Si vous
connaissez des étudiants n'hésitez pas à leur communiquer ce message.





Vous trouverez ci-dessous l'appel à communications en anglais.





***** CALL FOR PAPERS *****  
  
As part of the 21st International Conference on Principles and Practice of
Constraint Programming (CP 2015), we are inviting PhD and MSc students to
apply for the Doctoral Programme (DP). The DP is an opportunity for students
to meet each other as well as researchers and practitioners in the field. The
spirit of the DP is that every interested student whose work is within the
scope of the conference should be admitted.  
  
Participation in the DP will involve:  
  
\- Training to the reviewing process.  
\- Presentation of the student work via both talk and poster.  
\- Discussions with a mentor with similar research interests.  
  
***** FINANCIAL SUPPORT *****  
  
There are funds available to support some of the students participating in the
DP. The financial support usually only covers conference registration, and
will be assigned with regard to mainly the financial need of a student, as
indicated in a request by an advisor, and then by the quality of the submitted
paper, as measured by the review process of the DP. A request for financial
support should be sent by Monday 15 June 2015
to[dpcp2015@gmail.com](mailto:dpcp2015@gmail.com) by an advisor, detailing:  
  
\- the advisor's support of the student's application; this should include a
confirmation that the DP submission or a paper accepted at CP 2015 is
primarily the student's work;  
\- which years the student has previously been to the DP and/or received
financial support;  
\- the funding available for the student's travel, accommodation, and
registration, and the reason for requesting financial support.  
  
It is the responsibility of the student to make sure that the advisor's
request is submitted by the deadline.  
  
********** IMPORTANT DATES **********  
  
Paper submission deadline: Monday 15 June 2015  
Financial support request deadline: Monday 15 June 2015  
Notification: Monday 6 July 2015  
Camera-ready version deadline: Monday 3 August 2015  
Doctoral Programme: Monday 31 August 2015  
  
********** ELIGIBILITY **********  
  
The DP is open to all PhD and outstanding MSc students involved in Constraint
Programming or related fields at any level. The submitted paper should contain
work that is primarily the work of the student. It can either be completed or
work in progress. It can also be a summary of a formally published recent
paper on the student's work.  
  
********** SUBMISSION DETAILS **********  
  
Applicants are required to submit a short paper (from 4 to 8 pages, excluding
references) in the Springer LNCS style, and the author list should specify who
is the student and who are the advisors and other co-authors. Submissions are
required to be in PDF format.  
  
All proposals should be submitted online through EasyChair - by selecting 'New
Submission' at<https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cpdp15>  
  
Students with full or short papers accepted at the CP 2015 conference,
including technical track, application track, and published-journal-paper
track papers, who wish to participate in the DP do not need to submit a
separate paper for the DP. Instead, such students should email the DP chairs
at [dpcp2015@gmail.com](mailto:dpcp2015@gmail.com)expressing their interest.
This email should also include the paper title, abstract, author list
(formatted as specified above), and the identifier that the accepted paper was
given by EasyChair.  
  
********** TRAINING TO THE REVIEW PROCESS **********  
  
This year, the students submitting papers to the DP will participate in a
training to the reviewing process. Each of the students will be assigned a
submitted paper to review. The process will follow the same rules as
conferences, but the reviews submitted by the students will be independent
from the DP reviews received from other reviewers and will have no impact on
the final acceptance or financial support decision.  
  
********** DOCTORAL PROGRAMME CHAIRS **********  
  
David Bergman, School of Business, University of Connecticut, USA  
[dpcp2015@gmail.com](mailto:dpcp2015@gmail.com)  
Marie Pelleau, Université de Montréal, Canada  
[dpcp2015@gmail.com](mailto:dpcp2015@gmail.com)

