---
layout: page
title_content: Offre de post-doc à Nantes
title: Offre de post-doc à Nantes
date_content: 2015-08-26 14:37:22.000000
tags:
  - archive
---
Un contrat post-doctoral d’un an est proposé à Nantes dans le cadre du projet
SmartCat, dont le but est de développer des outils d’optimisation pour les
conditions de réactions chimiques en flux (temps-réel). Ce projet est une
collaboration entre les laboratoires LINA, en informatique, et CEISAM, en
chimie. Vous trouverez une description ci-dessous. N’hésitez pas à nous
contacter si vous souhaitez plus d’informations.









 **  
**



 **  
**



 **OPEN POST-DOCTORAL POSITION**







 **About the project**



The SmartCat project aims at developing self-optimizing chemical flow devices,
where the conditions of a reaction (temperature, catalysis, etc) will be tuned
to improve its productivity. Flow devices make it possible to measure the
quality of the output in real time. Based on these measurements, the
parameters of the reaction will be optimized online. From the computer science
point of view, one of the major innovative aspect of SmartCat is the
development of real time optimization methods. SmartCat is a joint project
between computer scientists (LINA UMR 6241, Université de Nantes, France) and
chemists (Ceisam UMR 6230, Université de Nantes, France).





 **Job description**



The SmartCat project offers a post-doctoral position. The task is to develop,
implement and test the algorithms that will be used to tune the chemical
reactions. The first step is to adapt and test several existing optimization
algorithms, mostly from the Local Search family, on already know chemical
reactions. This includes development in Matlab and Labview. The second step
consists in designing a specific algorithm to automatically tune the flow
device.





 **Skills and expertise**



The applicant should have a PhD in Computer Science, with good programming
skills and an expertise in combinatorial optimization (preferably on Local
Search methods). A strong interest for chemistry is required. A programming
experience in Matlab or Labview is a plus.



 ****



 **Practical information**



The candidate will be working with Charlotte Truchet and Eric Monfroy at the
Computer Science laboratory in Nantes (LINA). He/she will collaborate with
François-Xavier Felpin, leader of the SmartCat project, and other scientists
from the Chemistry laboratory (Ceisam), where the experiments will be made.
Both laboratories are on the same campus, not far from the city center in
Nantes, France.





The candidate can start on October 1st or later, but no later than January
2016. The position is for one year.





 **Contact**



To apply, please send a letter describing your research interests and
projects, a CV and the names of 2 references to Charlotte Truchet and
François-Xavier Felpin ([charlotte.truchet@univ-
nantes.fr](mailto:charlotte.truchet@univ-nantes.fr), [francois-
xavier.felpin@univ-nantes.fr](mailto:francois-xavier.felpin@univ-nantes.fr)).





  



